QUESTION: 1.List 5 difference between Browser JS(console) v Nodejs

DESCRIPTION:
1.Javascript is a programming language that is used for writing scripts on the website. NodeJS is a Javascript runtime environment.
2.Javascript can only be run in the browsers.	We can run Javascript outside the browser with the help of NodeJS.
3.Javascript is basically used on the front end. Node JS is mostly used on the server-side.
4.Javascript is capable enough to add HTML and play with the DOM. Nodejs does not have capability to add HTML tags.
5.Javascript can run in any browser engine as like JS core in safari and Spidermonkey in Firefox. V8 is the Javascript engine inside of node.js that parses and runs Javascript. 



QUESTION: 2.watch & summary 5 points - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmE4OwHztCc&ab_channel=JSConf

DESCRIPTION:
The video is about how the browser actually render a website.
1.The first step is parsing in which the html and css files are transfered to DOM tree through html parser and cssom parser
2.The second step is rendering in which the render tree combines html and css elements came from dom tree
3.The next step is checking the four trees html parser, cssom,dom, and render tree 
4.The next step is to layout the elements on the webpage which is a process of arranging the contents on the page
5.In the last step painting is happened which take the layed out render trees and creates layers and renders layers in a 12 step phase
All of thes steps can apply after page load


QUESTION: 3.To read task


QUESTION: 4.Execute the below code and write your description in txt file
a. typeof(1)
b. typeof(1.1)
c. typeof('1.1')
d. typeof(true)
e. typeof(null)
f. typeof(undefined)
g. typeof([])
h. typeof({})
i. typeof(NaN)

DESCRIPTION:

a. typeof(1) -NUMBER
b. typeof(1.1) -NUMBER
c. typeof('1.1') -STRING
d. typeof(true) -BOOLEAN
e. typeof(null) -OBJECT
f. typeof(undefined) -UNDEFINED
g. typeof([]) -OBJECT
h. typeof({}) -OBJECT
i. typeof(NaN) -NUMBER

In the above question type of 1, 1.1 is number because javascript takes integers and decimal values as numbers
Any element represented in " " or ' ' is considered as string
The true or false is taken as boolean and null is taken as an object
Undefined is of type undefined and { },[] these braces are considered as object 
Since not a number (NaN) is trying to convert into a number it is considered as a number in javascript

